Today we will talk about a new product in
which life insurance and health
insurance are covered in a single product. The
name of this new product is iShield
Insurance. iShield Insurance is a combination product of
ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance and IICA Lombard General
Insurance.
Term life insurance is being offered
from ICICI Prudential and health
insurance is being offered from IIC
Lombard. Its name is iShield. So we
will talk about this product,
how does this product work? First of all,
why have we brought a combination product,
what are its benefits, then how does this product work
and what are the benefits for you
in this product. Quick reminder before starting the video,
if you have
not yet subscribed to our channel, do
subscribe so that you get the right
information at the right time. I would
also like to introduce myself.
For those who are new, my name is Gurli Inc. Tikko.
I am a Certified Financial Planner. I have been
associated with the insurance industry for the last 18 years and I bring videos for you every week so that
Your
personal financial life and insurance
journey can become easy and happy
because our company's tagline is also '
Creating a Wealth Happiness'. Let's move
towards the video. Without any further delay, we will talk
about the iShield Insurance Plan.
So first, let's talk about the
benefit of this combination product. So, see, the
benefit of a combination product is that you have to
manage a single product,
not two separate products. If you have to
manage a single policy, then there is
no need to manage multiple policies. The
second benefit is a single life insurance
and health insurance proposal. It is easy
for the customer and easy for you to manage. The on-
boarding process is smooth. Underwriting is
happening at one place. You are getting medical tests done at
one place and
everything is being managed at one place. Next, if your
policy copy is being issued singlely, then you do
not need to manage double or multiple policies. Next, if you are making premium payments at
one place, then there is
no need to pay premiums at multiple places.
Similarly, we do many multiple things in life. So
here
To simplify the concept, both the products were
combined and hence it was called
Combined Product, Kamo Product and which
is called iShield Insurance. So now we will discuss the various
products in Kamo Product. The
product from ICICI Lombard is Health Advantage and the
product from ICICI Prudential Life is
ICICI Prudential Smart Protect.
So the products of both were combined
and iShield was created. So here we will discuss the
eligibility criteria,
benefits and what is there in this policy for you.
First of all, the minimum entry age for
Health Advantage, which is your health insurance
product, is
six years for your child. If you are
taking an individual policy, the maximum entry age for an adult is 18 years.
If you are taking a family floater
policy, then it is 91 days and for an adult it is
65 years. In term life insurance, the
minimum entry age is 18 and maximum is 65
years depending on the premium payment term
you are choosing.  The policy term
is available for 1, 2, 3 years in health
insurance and in term insurance, your
policy term is available which you choose, either term
limited premium payment
single pay so on, then all the other features of
ICICI Prudential Smart Protect will be
applicable on this, then let's talk about the
minimum sum assured, the minimum sum assured
in ICICI Advantage is 5 lakhs,
maximum it is 3 crores, your minimum sum
assured will be
50 lakhs in ICICI Prudential Smart Protect and there is no maximum
limit but it is decided as per your
financial eligibility,
how much time you will get,
now let's talk about the number of lives
covered, so how many lives are covered in health insurance,
as you know
that your health insurance
also has individual cover and family floater cover,
so here maximum five lives will be
covered in a family floater plan
in health insurance and in term insurance you
can take a policy for a single life, you
can take an individual policy, maximum
policy maturity age so  You all know that there is life long
renewability in health insurance,
you
can continue the policy as long as you want,
but the maximum age of term insurance
is 99 years, it depends on which one you choose, so the
maximum plan which
is available is 99 which is called whole
life, now let's talk
about the coverage of health insurance, so in health insurance, in-
patient hospitalization is covered
up to the time shown, whether it is in cashless,
and I would like to tell you one more thing about reimbursement,
so while we are talking about cashless, there is
an advantage in cashless in ICC Lombard
which has just been introduced
that you can go cashless in any hospital,
whether it is in the network or not, yes
I said it right,
you can go cashless in any hospital,
irrespective of the network list, so
what is there here, if it is plan hospitalization, then only it will be
possible, so
in case of plan hospitalization, if you
want to go to a non-network hospital, then
take care through P  You will raise a request 24 hours in advance
and that will become possible.
You can get cashless treatment in that hospital.
Then we will proceed further and
after that we will talk about inpatient treatment.
Day care treatment
is also covered in this policy. Wherever there is a
requirement of hospitalization for less than 24 hours,
that is also covered. Domiciliary treatment is
also covered. In domiciliary treatment, you know that
domiciliary treatment is available in two conditions. One is that
bed is not available in the hospital.
Second, if the patient is so critical that he
cannot be taken to the hospital, then domiciliary
treatment will be covered. There are some exceptions to it.
These are the things which you can see on the screen,
these will not be covered in domiciliary treatment.
Emergency road ambulance
is covered. Your % of sum assured or
maximum ₹1000000 is covered.
You will be given a bonus of 20% on that.
Suppose if your sum assured is 10 lakhs, then next
year it will become 12. If you do not claim again, then
12 will become 14. And so on,
what will be the maximum?  100% so 10 lakh will become
20 lakh and here the
word guaranteed has been used so that if
you are given a bonus once then it will not be reduced, so
suppose your 20 lakh increases once, even if
you take a claim after that, it will still
remain 20 lakh, it is guaranteed cumulated bonus,
now we will talk about restore benefit, restore
benefit is available once a year in this plan,
if your base sum and guaranteed cumulated
bonus are exhausted then you
can take restore benefit once, once a
year is available equal to 100% of base sum
for any illness related or unrelated,
you can claim for both
pre and post hospitalization expenses,
so the expenses of 60 days before going to the hospital
and the expenses of the subsequent 180 days
are covered in this plan,
listed on the compliance but for those above 18 years of age, it will be
covered only if they are adults, so
Next is AYUSH, Ayurveda, Yoga, Unani,
Siddha, Homeopathy. Its hospitalization is also
covered up to 30 days.
Modern treatments and robotic surgeries
are covered up to 30 days. Now let's talk about
optional riders. These are the inbuilt
features. So, what are the optional riders
in this plan? The first optional rider is Domestic
Air Ambulance. If you want air
ambulance to be covered in case of emergency,
that is possible. You can take a rider and cover it by paying an additional
premium.
You can call it a rider, optional cover, or on, or by any name. So,
you can pay all these things by paying an additional premium. The
inbuilt features are
available in the premium you are paying,
but you
can avail all these benefits by paying an additional premium.
Secondly, you can cover maternity expenses.
Yes, you know that ICSC
Lombard Health Advantage
also includes maternity expenses. By the way, in fact, here is
a detailed video of our ICSC Lombard Health Advantage.  It
is available on our channel, do
not forget to watch it. If you are thinking of taking this plan, then I am
going a little fast here
because we have to cover both the products and also the
combination product,
otherwise the video will become very lengthy.
In maternity expenses, you will have to pay three years'
premium upfront. Maternity
cover will be available after nine months and will be covered only
when the female in the policy is between 18 to
45 years of age. Maternity
expenses will be covered only then.
Newborn baby
expenses and vaccination expenses will also be covered along with delivery cost. The
next add-on is OPD for
dental and medical treatment, so OPD
is also covered. The age
limit is specified in the policy limits, according to that OPD will be covered,
so if you take a policy of Rs. 10 lakh,
OPD of Rs. 5000 is covered, on a policy of 1 CR, OPD of Rs. 50000 is covered
and
on a policy of 3 CR, OPD of up to Rs. 1 lakh is covered.
Terms  Please read the end conditions.
What is the next optional cover for OPD? The next optional cover is Hospital
Cash Benefit. This means that the company gives you
a daily cash benefit for the number of days you stay in the hospital.
Maximum it will be
given for 45 days. The next rider is
Critical Illness Cover. If the listed critical
illnesses mentioned in the policy are
diagnosed, then a lump sum payout will be made
equal to the critical illness sum sum. The
next rider is Personal Accidental Cover.
If you have taken this rider and if there is
accidental death or total disability
or partial disability,
then you will be paid out up to
100% of the personal accidental sum insured.
Sum insured protector is also included. Sum
insured protector means that
your sum insured will increase
year on year as per inflation. Then there is your claim
protector. Claim protector is also included
which covers your non-payable items.  If he does, then
if he wants to get covered, then
definitely add this rider. Next is home
care treatment. Home care treatment is also
covered in this plan. This is an optional rider. So, you can take expenses up to Rs.
25,000 on 5% of sum assured maximum for
home care treatment.
This is the coverage that we talked about in
ICICI Lombard
Health Advantage of health insurance. Now let's talk about what is covered
in ICICI Prudential Smart Protect.
First of all, your death
is covered. Death is covered due to any reason. Death can be due to illness or due to
accident. If death occurs due to any reason, then
that is covered. So, the term cover, as I
said, is minimum Rs. 50 lakh. There is
no maximum limit. It
depends on your financial eligibility. It is
decided as per your income
from the underwriting team as to how much term cover
you are eligible for. Here
you can decide the policy term. So, basically, it is a
completely custom made product. You
can decide the policy term and the premium payment
term.  Premium payment
mode: You can decide how you
want to pay the premium. In which mode do you
want to pay it, yearly, half yearly, single, monthly.
You will be given all the flexibility that is already given
in IIC Prudential Smart Protect.
Here,
you can also take optional covers for term insurance riders.
What are those riders after looking at the additional premium? The first rider is
accidental death cover. In case of accidental death,
double sum is paid.
If you have taken any sum assured and have
also paid the premium for accidental death rider, then
double sum assured will be paid to the
beneficiary in case of accidental death. The
second is critical illness rider. You
can take critical illness rider. If you
want to cover lump sum critical illnesses, then you
can add on that rider as well. So, what will happen is that whatever sum assured
you have taken for critical illness will be paid out
and the rest of your policy will continue as it is.
There is also an inbuilt feature in this policy.  This is what is called
waiver of premium on
permanent disability. If there is permanent
disability or terminal
illness, then the premiums are waived off and
further premiums will not be levied. Let us take
an example here.
In this example, the age is 35 years. He is healthy, male, non-
smoker. He has taken an individual policy of
health insurance of Rs. 20 lakh and term
insurance cover of Rs. 1 crore till the age
of 85 years. So let us see how the
policy will work. The premium approximately comes to Rs.
36,800 and this is excluding GST. So, if there is
any hospitalization after 5 years of taking the policy, what will happen?
Whatever hospital
bill comes, the health insurance coverage of up to Rs. 20 lakh will be paid in the endowment. Whatever expenses will be incurred from Rs.
20 lakh, the company will
pay the policy and the policy will continue. Here is a hypothetical
example: death will occur at 75. The cover was taken till 85. So,
what will be the benefit of reaching 75? A
sum of Rs. 1 crore will be short.  The payout will be made
which is short of the term insurance and the
policy will end there itself, so this is how
your combination product works, now let's
talk about this plan, we have
talked about the inclusions, now we will talk about the
exclusions,
if we talk about the exclusions of this plan in health insurance, then there are
exclusions which are permanent
exclusions, some things are
not covered in your health insurance, there is an
initial waiting period,
you cannot make a claim for 30 days,
if I have to tell something about permanent exclusions, then
basically if there is a loss due to war, civil war or breach of law, then it
comes under permanent exclusion, naturopathy is
not covered, if you take treatment outside the country, even if it is
not covered outside India, if there is
self-inflicted harm to yourself, then it will
not be covered in health insurance, for
example, you are getting hospitalized due to alcohol or smoking, even then there is
no claim due to excessive alcohol and smoking  It will be given. Similarly,
you know that there are some exclusions in term life insurance too.
Its detailed video is
on our channel. We will put its link
below as well. For one, suppose if you meet with an
accident under the influence of alcohol, it will not be covered
because it comes under self-inflicted.
Suicide will not be covered for one year. If you
die while doing adventure sports, you will
not get it. So, please see
what these exclusions are. It is important for you to know
about the premium. So, there is a
zonal premium in ICC Lombard Health Advantage. So,
what is the zonal premium? The
premium is decided according to the zone. As
you can see in front of you, three zones are
divided. Zone One, Zone Two, Zone Three, Zone One
comes in NCR, Mumbai Thane, Raigad
District, Zone Two, Hyderabad,
Secunderabad, Zone Three. The remaining ones which are
not in Zone One, Zone Two,
come in Rest of India. If you are
taking the premium of Zone One and are
getting treatment in Zone One only, then there is no  Copay
means if you live in Jan 1 and are
paying the premium for Jan 1 and are getting treatment in Jan 1, then there is
no copayment. If you live in Jan 2 and are
getting treatment in Jan 1, then the copayment is
12.5%. But you have the choice, you
can also select Jan 1 while living in Jan 2.
Similarly, if you are living in Jan 3, there
is some copayment there too. You
can check that and accordingly you
can decide which Jan premium you have to pay. There is
no such Jan concept in term insurance; the premium is decided according to your age,
your occupation and your
health. So,
if you are a standard life then there
is only one premium. If you have an
occupational hazard, that is, you are
in such an occupation which is high risk, then the
premium will be charged accordingly.
If your risk is high, that is, you have
any pre-existing conditions like
BP or diabetes, then due to that also your
term life insurance premium gets loaded.  I would
like to tell you one thing here that the
premium of health insurance will be
revised on a slab of five years where the
term life insurance gets
frozen through out the policy term
because the contract you have made is a long
term contract
of term life insurance so in the same way
its premium combination will also work so
this was from my side regarding i shield product
from ICSA Lombard and ICICI
Prudential Life if you have any questions
you can ask or tell anything or
share your experience
and before leaving do not forget to
subscribe to our channel so that
you keep getting the right information at the right time see
you next week
with the next video till then stay safe take care bye
second
benefit is taken
and means or you choose
limited don't say
hello up to Sameesh ok